README.md, before:

# Autofilter
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Wyrrrd/Autofilter/master/thumbnail.png" width="128" height="128">

### Features
When you manually place a filter inserter, it reads either the inventory contents or inventory filters on the pickup side and sets its filter to those items. The mode can be changed or disabled in player mod settings on the fly as needed.

### Compatibility
This mod should work with all modded filter inserters, but I specifically added compatibility for the following mods:

+ [Bob's Adjustable Inserters](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/bobinserters) - rotated pickup positions
+ [Informatron](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/informatron) - informational page to explain modes
+ [Factorio Wiki Mod](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/wiki) - informational topic to explain modes
+ [Booktorio](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/Booktorio) - informational thread to explain modes

### Locale
If you want to contribute by translating this mod, you can view the existing translations [here](https://github.com/Wyrrrd/Autofilter/tree/master/locale). I'd be happy to add your language and credits to the next release.

Commit message:

A lot
- Added option to read belt at pickup position
- Added option to leave out filter candidates if they cannot enter inventory at drop position
- Changed modus setting format to allow for more customization
- Added deduplication to filter candidates (needed for belt transport lines)
- Removed integrations for Informatron, Factorio Wiki Mod and Booktorio (feels like bloat)

README.md, after:

# Autofilter
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Wyrrrd/Autofilter/master/thumbnail.png" width="128" height="128">

### Features
When you manually place a filter inserter, it reads the inventory contents, inventory filters or belt contents on the pickup side and sets its filter to those items. There are extensive configuration options.

### Settings

There is only one text field to enter configuration into. This can be done on the fly, while ingame. You can add each of the following keywords into the text field, in any order, separated by spaces. They will be processed left to right.

+ **contents** - Checks for filter candidates in the inventory contents at the inserter's pickup position.
+ **filter** - Checks for filter candidates in the inventory's filter settings at the inserter's pickup position.
+ **belt** - Checks for filter candidates in the contents of a belt at the inserter's pickup position.
+ **check** - Checks for the current filter candidates, if they could be inserted in the inventory at the inserter's drop position and removes them from the candidate list, if unsuccessful.
+ *anything else* - Gets ignored. If you want to disable all functionality, just write anything.

After those are processed, a deduplication removes all but the first appearance of each item from the filter candidate list, and then the candidates are written to the inserter's filter until it is full.

### Compatibility
This mod should work with all modded filter inserters, but I specifically added compatibility for the following mods:

+ [Bob's Adjustable Inserters](https://mods.factorio.com/mod/bobinserters) - rotated pickup positions

### Locale
If you want to contribute by translating this mod, you can view the existing translations [here](https://github.com/Wyrrrd/Autofilter/tree/master/locale). I'd be happy to add your language and credits to the next release.
